Hello everyone and welcome to the ropes burning riddle solution.
The solution is actually quite simple but there's kind of a trick to figuring it out here's the solution
you're going to take one of your ropes and burn it at both ends.
Then at the same time you burn one end of the other rope once the first rope finishes burning.
Then you light the other end of the remaining rope and then when it burns out that's already been 45
minutes.
The key to this problem is really understanding what were the possibilities of actions that you are
able.
Take your New You can only burn a rope.
And the trick was realizing you could burn both ends of a rope.
So just keep in mind when you're facing a riddle like this what can you physically do to solve the problem
.
So you know you can burn rope at one end and then you figure out you can bring it at both ends.
So start trying different combinations and see how the timing works out.
All right.
So that's it for the solution.
Again maybe draw it out if you still don't get it but that's it for the spraining problem.
Thanks everyone and I'll see you at the next lecture